Add a rule to detect Inputs in template literals (#21)
pulumi/eslint-plugin-pulumi: README.md

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";

const outputInstance: pulumi.OutputInstance<number> = pulumi.output([
  1, 2, 3,
])[0];
const someInterpolatedString = `${outputInstance}`;
```

Valid:

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";

const outputInstance: pulumi.OutputInstance<number> = pulumi.output([
  1, 2, 3,
])[0];
const someInterpolatedString = pulumi.interpolate`${outputInstance}`;
```

### no-input-in-template-literal

> This rule is very similar to `no-output-in-template-literal`, and is intended to prevent objects of type `pulumi.Input<T>` from appearing in template strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simmilar `no-output-in-template-literal`, this rule guards against using  objects of type `pulumi.Input<T>` from appearing in template strings. (Since `pulumi.Input<T>` can wrap `pulumi.Output<T>` and thus encounter the same error unless you use `pulumi.interpolate`.) 
```
